Feature: Testing framework improvements (#1287)
microsoft/cadl: packages/website/docs/extending-cadl/basics.md

## Next steps

Cadl libraries can contain more than just types. Read the subsequent topics for more details on how to write [decorators](./create-decorators.md), [emitters](./emitters-basics.md) and [linters](./linters.md).

## Testing

> Cadl provide a testing framework to help testing library. Examples here are shown using `mocha` but any other JS test framework can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cadl provides a testing framework to help testing libraries. Examples here are shown using `mocha` but any other JS test framework can be used.
```
